Download and open ../myDocumentation_groupA/index-en.html

You have to run this with web service. See:

Browser issues (Why can’t I see the generated documentation / visualization?)

WIDOCO separates the contents of different sections in HTML files, which are then loaded in the index.html file. WIDOCO was designed this way because it’s easier to edit your introduction or description sections independently without being all aggregated together in a huge HTML document. When all the contents generated by WIDOCO are stored in a server, you will be able to see the documentation of your ontology using any browser. However, if you open the index.html file on your local browser, you may see a document missing most of the sections in your documentation. This happens because browsers don’t allow loading separate content when opening a file locally for security reasons. If you want to explore how your ontology would look locally, you have two options:

a) Execute WIDOCO with the -uniteSections flag; or select the option add al sections in a single document in the “load sections” step in the WIDOCO GUI. This will make all the sections of WIDOCO to be in the index.html; and you will be able to see it in your browser. Note that the LODE visualization will not be available when exploring your ontology locally.

b) Create a local server: Set up a local server (e.g., using XAMPP or Tomcat) and serve the files WIDOCO generates (in the htdocs folder for Apache servers).
If you place the files generated by WIDOCO in a server and access them via its URL (for example, a Github page), you should be able to see your documentation appropriately.
